---
layout: post
title:  "Executive Summary"
categories: ag
---

Software Engineer with expertise in the areas of both frontend and backend development seeks opportunities with your company in the areas of software development and management.  My experience includes helping to grow a silicon valley software company from 10 to 1200 employees in five years, co-founder of one of the leading math and charter science high schools in the nation, and running my own boutique software consulting firm for the past 15 years.  During that time period I also took on full time employment working several years at a time for different organizations.

I am fluent in React, Redux, Material Design and Redis along with backend development in Golang, Blockchain, Machine Learning, and Devops systems like Kubernetes, Etcd, and the Hashicorp ecosystem. My top 3 programming languages of choice are Javascript, Go, and Ruby in that order, and in the past have done large scale software development in both Java and Python.

In a previous startup I designed, architected, built and deployed a 100 node Amazon AWS analytics software system that handled millions of requests per day.  I did the back end infrastructure using Redis, RabbitMQ, and Postgresql and my team mates built out the front end system.

I was also involved in another startup where we built an
[Asynchronous Mobile P2P Relay.](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/vault12/crypto_relay.pdf)
This led to my continued work in the area of P2P systems including bitcoin, ethereum, ipfs and other blockchain based systems.

If any of my areas of interest align with your employment needs please feel free to reach out to me and I would look forward to a discussion. Thanks for taking the time to visit my site and for more details about my background please visit [my github repo](https://github.com/stormasm)
where I average about 1000 commits per year to various open source projects.
